hey what up everybody the steel bridge
given to you made a video before in the
middle of the Gulf of Mexico on a kayak
talk about Mick Foley so here I am at
the river I'm about a little past knee
height almost the waist height standing
in the middle of the river here talking
to you about stink Nia coming sting
thing I think everybody like me goes on
there to the news sites we've been
getting used and abused for almost a
year now well actually honestly for a
few years now on wind sting is basically
going to be signing with WB when you
know this is actually going to be going
down and yesterday on the news sites
they had that neo sting was offered a
typical legend steal their negotiating
on it that basically nothing's been
signed I can remember when your sting
was guaranteed to be wrestling at
WrestleMania 28 sting was basically
guaranteed to Wrestlemania 29
WrestleMania 30 this is a never-ending
affair with thing and I just want to get
this over and done with basically you
know this thing is not my favorite
wrestler I don't really want to see him
in a wrestling role in WWE I think that
his career is basically over i think the
legends deal is typically the way to go
I'm glad to hear that WV DVD news or
wrestling DVD news now that I'd be
called has broken the news of that sting
DVD is in the works that we're going to
be getting this sooner than later it
sort of sucks that it seems like sting
is not going to be involved with this
it's just gonna be typical matches I
don't want another DVD set much like the
Macho Man set with a matt striker and
Maria talking about the Macho Man i want
the Stinger in there that they've said
that they think that the sting
documentary could be down the road once
he actually signs the deal I was really
hoping that you know when we saw him on
the warrior special that they did not
you know book him to come in and just
say there's few short words on the
warrior special and on the warrior
documentary that they were actually
going to be you know filming him even
when he was in the denim they shot the
real bad cell phone footage because they
needed the thing for the right here
right now on the first day of the
warrior special and then on the warrior
documentary they did a little bit more
but I just want staying in the devil to
be I want to mobile
stage giving his you know goodbye
WrestleMania Hall of Fame speech I know
he was never a debit to be guy but he is
a wrestling legend he deserves the tip
of the hat and to thank you because he
did give a lot to into wrestling I just
you know want to get this over with pink
wrestling news sites have been using us
and abusing us for the last little while
and it's been a little bit too long we
just need to see the Stinger you know in
the WB family I know they got the
upcoming great American bash DVD and
he's on the cover of that's how much
better that could be if he was actually
involved and just just get them inside
the family because that's that big book
that we all want as rustling fans just
get this over and done with to me some
people want to see him Russell I don't
need to see him Russell just Hall of
Fame DVD thank you very much